hey everyone welcome back to my channel
so today we're looking a bit there and
spotty I'm aware and so my skin has been
playing up recently I thought why not do
a skin carotene because kind of like the
ideal time to do skin care routine when
my skin is playing up because this is
everything I'm doing to try and clear
out my skin now and then it means that
in future videos or my social media I
can update you guys but it's working for
me and most of these products have
worked me in the past so I know they're
gonna work at bang clear my skin out
pretty soon and they already kind of
have started to clear up my skin so yeah
I've never done a skincare routine
before but it's because I didn't really
feel like and you much about it and I
wasn't in a position to give advice to
other people but I feel like the more
that I know about it now I know what I'm
doing right now to clear my own skin I
feel like I could just give you what
works me and if you guys want to try it
or use don't always need a bit more
advice this is what I'm doing this so
I've always had like problematic skin
for like spots I have been diagnosed
with acne and I was trying out like spot
tablets but if I'm honest that just
didn't really work out frozen I haven't
been back to the doctors as of yet I am
maybe gonna make an appointment to go
back next week but yeah I usually get
like acne like here and here as you can
see like I have one massive spot here
and on my chin as well
but em on your chin issues you because
of hormones of any age yeah where you
get a spot on your skin is because of
what's happening inside your body so if
you didn't know on your head like
forehead this is because of any
digestive issues that you might have
been having like on your cheeks and the
most popular skin is probably because
you haven't been cleaning your face
properly or you've just got like
built-up dirt that you need to get
removed off your face a lot of skin mask
will help with that like pulling it out
and so yeah probably why I have this one
is because I fell asleep in my makeup
the other day and then I woke up with
this on my face I never ever really do
that and I don't advise ever doing that
you know it does happen and I get that
obviously there is times when it does
happen and I fell asleep and it happened
and on your chin is anything to do with
hormones so your timer the month ladies
and obviously if your hormones are just
all over the place so yeah some of the
products that I'm going to be talking
about some of them are old products that
have been with me for a very long time
and some of them are new that I've just
introduced or kind of still newish where
I've only used them for a couple of
months and not like three years or
something feel like I've only had like a
skincare routine for about three years
obviously I am quite young so when I was
like 14 I didn't really like know much
about it I only really got a skincare
when I was like 15 16 inch of course I
am 19 years old now so I have kind of
like a fully on skincare routine and
trying to stick to it the best if I
can't I'm not gonna lie there some days
when I don't do all of these steps but I
try to do as I will tell you some of
them I do them weekly some of them I do
them dearly and yeah okay so let's get
on to my skin more in detail so for my
skin type it kind of vary sometimes I'll
be really oily like around my nose here
and other times I get quite dry there it
really just changes like it adapts so
bad but on the rest part of my face it
is always just normal like it's never
Eileen it's never dry it's more on the
dry side if I had to choose an option
it's never early so yeah it does look
like I know how my face it looks like I
have a lot of texture but I can't tell
you how smooth my skin is like obviously
not bragging or anything but I'm just
being honest with you my skin is so
smooth like there is the Jeep apart from
obviously these two spots which there
your likes coming over so they do have
texture of course and but like literally
my skin is so soft it's all scarring off
like obviously picking and just the
spots not going away properly so I don't
really use anything for texture so if
you were looking for anything to help
you with any texture on your skin and
really not the person that held you
because I haven't got that problem
myself
and I don't know anything about that
just being real you know I just wanted
to quickly touch on I've never had a
facial but I've really wanted to like
get like a proper one donor stock and
them done maybe like fortnightly so
every two weeks I also want to try and
get extractions and I know that can be a
really scary thing they basically just
suck all of the dirt out of your face
yeah I saw that does he Perkins gets
them and a lot of other like like beauty
gurus do also get extractions and so
yeah the look just really interesting
upon you it really clears up their skin
so it's something I would love to get
but I haven't really looked into it too
much yet the main reason for that is
just apparently it like sucks all the
dirt out of your skin and obviously that
is a problem for me like dirt getting
stuck in my
even when I do like wash my face like
thoroughly and do all of this awesome
names do break out you know no I get
confused why okay so that was I mean
that was like my intro and like giving
you some background knowledge to like
generic skincare but now we're gonna
actually go into my products that I use
I'm going to tell you a bit about the
products like how I found them and
things like that again none of this
stuff is sponsored no one is paying me
to talk about this any of this has ever
been sent to me so this is all stuff
that I bought with my own money so yeah
I'm just gonna go up for it stage by
stage in order how I do my skincare and
yeah let's talk a bit about the products
and okay so it's obvious to start with
the first step which is if I have makeup
on I will obviously remove that and to
remove my makeup I always use this
simple miss cleanser water so this is
the treat just a cleansing water I
always use mine on a little cotton round
so these things here these are honestly
really cheap you can get like two bucks
for a pound in some place and it's so so
cheap and they do the job because a lot
of the time when you're applying stuff
with your hands especially if you
haven't washed your hands you're not
helping the situation if you have dirty
hands in your plant stuff on your face
you're basically you rubbing dirt into
your face so using these is more
hygienic and obviously it's really using
all of your product I'm not a bit
soaking in your hand I know it soaks
into this but don't you know where I'm
going with that but you get what I mean
so if I talk about the so in this video
if I talk about cotton Browns any more
you know what I'm talking with them the
old things I just showed you so yeah
this is a 400 mil bottle and I love that
the doing such a big size cause I only
have to buy this like once every three
months which is super handy it's also
like 6 or 7 pounds and a lot of the time
to superdrug or boost do sales and you
can also get this in Asda Tesco or any
of like your supermarket stores and yeah
it's just really affordable obviously
and as I was saying it lasts for a very
long time what I love about this North
is it's very gentle on your skin it's
not harsh at all it literally is just
like a water it also cleanses and
removes the makeup so well like I've
never had a problem with it takes off in
skoura perfectly fine I will say it
doesn't take a waterproof mascara that
good at all it just yeah it's not really
good for that so yeah I don't really
have much - else to say about that
see this is what I just used to
initially take off the heavy makeup
I mean a work to me this is my second
bottle now and so I've been using this
for nearly like since the end of last
summer I would say and yeah it's been
really nice on my skin so I really
recommend that one I do want to mention
as I went to n Belfast my birthday I
didn't want to take that must-have
bottle with me just to save space so I
took this Clinique take the day off
makeup remover and I won't say I did
really like this I'm sure this is just
like a little sample bottle I'm not
quite sure I mean it is quite small I'm
not sure if I'm honest my mom got me
this so yeah I don't know if you'll be
able to say how it got like a layer here
so these two are layered out and this is
because it does have a lot of oil in it
so when you use it you really do need to
give it a good shake again I will just
put this on a cotton round and wipe my
makeup off with it so yeah it's really
handy obviously if you're gonna travel
it's smaller but also of I'm not
traveling and I do just have like really
like hard pull makeup on and waterproof
mascara as I was saying that simple
cleanse that doesn't really get it off I
will go in with this obviously it has
oil in it so it breaks down the score
really well hard to remove products it
breaks down really well with the aisle
however it does leave like your face
feeling more on the oily side and just
leave like a residue over your face so I
don't like to use this a lot because of
how it makes my skin feel after I'm just
not a fan of that I like my skin to feel
like soft and fresh rather than like
gooey and oily but it's really great for
removing eye makeup so sometimes I will
just use this just to remove eye makeup
and then use the simple one in the rest
of my face next we're gonna jump into
face washes and a little like a story
for you right now
so a lot of the time and when I'm in the
shower and my obviously outlived my
parents so my mom keeps her face wash
there and a lot of the time I forget to
bring mine downstairs I'm just lazy to
like then get out the shower go upstairs
come back down my face wash my face so
what I'll do is I'll just use my mum and
I've used hers like quite a lot like
she's gonna kill me so bad if she
watches this video oh my god oh yeah I
do this is my bad tell her I don't use
it and this is me saying I do now but it
is really good so she can't really blame
us for using it you say but anyways I do
have a little mini one of it and yeah
and she actually gave me this as well so
it is the
Clarins general Foreman cleanser
honestly it's so so nice it comes out
like a cream and then like you put on
face and then you rub it in and you can
feel it like treating your spots at the
same time so it doesn't burn but you can
feel it if that makes any sense it's not
uncomfortable you're not like oh my god
get it off my face but you can't feel it
so what I like to do is I put like a
little pump you only need like the tiny
tiniest bit I put like a little pump on
a my like finger don't run my face and
then I like use my fingers and really
massage it circle into my face and I've
found that as I've used that over the
past like couple of weeks it has really
like taken om spots so so much and then
like when you wash it away it kind of
laziest join your skin squeaks cuz it's
that clean that is literally what this
does your face it's amazing it is on the
high-end side I mean I wouldn't know the
exact price cuz you know my mom buys
that I don't and I just use hands I do
plan to just buy my own social stops
complaining and then I have to stop
being like I don't use it I really do
the main thing swatch that I actually do
use is this spotless skin triple action
face wash from simple so this is mental
obviously it's fight your spots at the
same time so this has meant a deeply
cleanse your Fi and tone your skin all
in one as a face wash so it has like
antibacterial products in it and
products that are just gonna fight your
spots
it hasn't yeah the spot fighting
ingredients so it's zinc pee which is
gonna absorb any excess oil and another
one which is Shamu meal I don't really
know how to pronounce these and but it's
one that skin smooth and and the
irritate and then witch hazel which I'm
sure you would have heard of and that
tones and tightens pores it also is
natural antibacterial and it has no
perfume or color so that means it's
gonna be not harsh on your face so yeah
obviously this is my daily face wash
apart from the time so I'm feeling lazy
and just use my mum's oh when I just
really have like probably my skin and I
need to use that I've literally use this
like face wash for so long like
literally like this bottlers lasted me
like a year it's not even ran out yet
either so yeah it's been in my skincare
routine for quite a while now and then I
would really recommend and ya don't have
much to say about apart from it's good
and obviously after you've already
removed your makeup with the Miss
cleanse on the water and then you go in
and use this obviously that is really
going to make sure
all of your product is on and there's no
like product really in your skin so the
next thing that I will use is this
antibacterial cleanser this is from
Newton Labs is the tazed own skincare
range and this has tea tree in it and
I'm not gonna lie that's why I bought it
because I know that tea tree helps with
fighting spots so good so this is
basically going to remove your oil
grease and any bacteria obviously you
get spots because of bacteria so this
removes that bacteria away from your
skin and honestly i use this on it daily
I absolutely love this stuff it is a two
hundred mill bottle and it's a treat
under five pounds it's so so cheap I'll
get mine from savers and but you can
also get from like super drunk and
things like that I'm sure and I'm not
sure if and Newton's lab actually have a
site I don't actually looked into that
but I'm really gonna have to so yeah
this also M includes set more is it soul
it contains some kind of acid and yeah
it's called solicit cool although I
really don't know how pronounce this
okay and but that's meant to purify the
skin and tighten your pores and rich you
shine totally agree with that I am like
my skin isn't shiny when I use this at
all and it like kind of has that like
cool dry and feeling so you can feel it
drying your face I also like to when I
put this on like what for my face like
this because it dries it more and you
can feel it working again it gives kind
of a bit it's a burning sensation but
it's not burn and you can just feel it
work so yeah I will literally use this
in the morning and night or what I will
do is usually just in the morning I
would like use the mousse cleanser la
Warr ducts have already took my eye
makeup off the night before and then
I'll put this over the top after I put
that water on absolute you know this
stuff really cheap really affordable
again I do put this on a cotton round to
use it and this is a product that I've
used for absolutely ages this is like my
third bottle or something I've literally
use this for like I think it's like two
and a half years now there was something
that's really stuck with me and I don't
ever see myself giving it up so it
really is like one of my ride-or-die
products in my skincare yeah if you're
gonna invest in anything I'd really
invest in this but then again it's not
investing because it is less you chicken
change it cost nothing at all to go and
get it so the next thing I want to
mention it so names are torn and
sometimes are done I'll just do it if
I'm feeling like yeah I want to do that
extra step you know I'm saying
so yeah the new toner that I have at the
minute is this fine flowers toner from
L'Oreal Africa and I've just bought this
because of how big it was it was on sale
and it looks really pretty the packaging
looks pretty you can't deny it
so yeah this basically removes
impurities invigorates and books at that
right and ants moves the skin so this is
that rose and jasmine want and this is
for dry and sensitive skin again I said
that my skin is more on the dry side
it's not sensitive so Rose is known for
smoothing and comfort in so it's gonna
do that for your skin and then the
Jasmine is gonna like moisturize your
skin something that I kind of just do if
I am a bit more only on my nose because
a torn out will get rid of that excess
oil the one that I used before this was
the simple toner again I'd already say
that using toner does anything for my
skin like outstanding I'll just use it
if I feel like doing that something
extra off I've got excess oil so it's
not really a necessarily important stat
for me if you use to 100 great for you
that's fantastic but it's just something
that I do on the odd occasion so I just
thought I've mentioned it and throw it
in there again I got this from super
drug and as I said super drove always
have deals on I think I'll let you pay
three pound for this massive bottle and
I'm literally like I've used it like a
good 20 times and it's still full so the
next thing I'm gonna go on to is
moisturizer and I'm firstly going to
talk about the moisturizer that I
absolutely love at the minute so this is
the L'Oreal hydrate genius aloe water
obviously this was quite popular on the
first came out and I'll just stuck to it
if I'm honest again what I love about
this is the fact that you get seven
emails which is quite a lot for
moisturizer it's cheap again super drug
with the amazing deals I got this on a
deal so this is for normal to
combination skin so it's perfect for me
even if I am oily and it says to use one
pump like for your face and obviously
that sounds like quite a little
considering how much this pump does give
out as well but this particles such a
long way like you put one pump on and
it's just so moisturizing you can feel
it like seeping into your skin but it
still leaves like a nice and nice layer
on your skin it's not too thick but you
can tell you put something on there this
is also a relatively new in my skincare
routine I would say I've only used it
flike three months but it is something
that I'll put on light before my makeup
or every morning so probably something
that's gonna stick with me for a very
long time and I do plan on repurchase
and this as well and I'm not gonna lie I
love the fact that it's got a pump on it
and it's not squeezy to you because
understa sucker for a pump I really
and I love the light blue and the
packaging so that's always a bonus and
moisturizer that I do want to touch on
because I use this for literally a year
before I moved on the hydrogen is in the
same range as the face wash that I do
use at the minute so this is the
spotless skin and a blemish moisturizer
again this has got all of the same
properties and that helped fight your
spot so this was the moisturizer I was
used and I found it was just like it was
a really thick cream whereas the Hydra
genius is more like a gel I do not have
to prefer the jail more than this cream
because I felt like the cream was just
really thick and a bit too heavy for me
personally it wasn't like really really
heavy but I just prefer the gel because
that's just so light it's refreshing and
it's so much more hydrated and then this
one for me so yeah that was my reason
for transition over a moisturizer then I
want to quickly touch on again when I
travel I'll take this clinic
dramatically different moisturizing
lotion this one is more of a cream
formula but I don't want to be taken
like a big things they like packaging
when I do travel so I just take this one
cuz it's alright for a couple of nights
away and yeah
so I just want to take this like two
little minute part in this video to talk
about antiaging products I made a quite
a good point to my boyfriend the other
day which i think is a quite good point
that aren't him I'm going to start using
any agent products in the next 30 by the
time I'm 23 he looks at me like he will
ok 23 you know any old of course I don't
use any anti-aging products at the
moment I'm 19 years old
I'm a teenager like that's ridiculous
but a lot of people do use antiaging
products from you and let me explain my
madness to the method the product is
called antiaging anti means it's going
to prevent you from aging why would you
use a product when you are 40 and you've
already aged to try and reverse your
Asian American any sense here so
basically the term Antibes is going to
prevent if you've already aged it can't
undo the factory of age so if you
already use it from young it's then
gonna prevent that I hope I am making
sense and I hope you understand what I
mean by that and of course if you are an
older woman watching this I hope that's
not offensive or anything but personally
that's what I'm going to do I'm gonna
look after my skin from young so then I
hopefully have good skin when I'm older
I really recommend doing that to any
other young girls or even if you are in
that age range of like 20 to 30 I would
start incorporating that into your
skincare routine now obviously it is
going to help when you're older and it's
going to prevent any aging you might
have you might have of course you will
have it because we're all gonna girl
again I'm just mentioning this in case
any of you unaware to that obviously I
feel like Andy age of products aren't
really misleading a lot of people do use
them when they've already aged and it's
kind of pointless you've already aged at
that point obviously it will prevent you
from agent anymore it kind of undo
something that's already happened so
yeah I just wanted to mention that and
touch that just to give you my thoughts
and opinions on it you know I don't know
if you agree with me on that just let me
know in the comments below because I'd
really like to know your opinion on that
and if I make any sense err I'm just
like weird I don't know okay so the next
product I wanna touch on is some eye
cream I use eye cream outlets you say
like once a week and I don't know I just
don't really like I haven't really found
that I really need an issue like my eyes
are really like hydrated already off the
M moisture ices that are used as I take
my moisturizer right and gently up under
my eyes but when I do want to use an eye
cream or when I'm feeling a bit dry or
I'll get like any little bumps I will
just go on with this clinic Moisture
Surge intense so this is just in a
little pot like cape don't haze over the
cheeto just in a little pot like this I
take a little tiny bit my finger pump it
on and rub it in and yeah just wanted to
quickly touch on that because it's a
little step that I sometimes do so I'm
gonna tell you about it and I haven't
really used that for a long time I would
serve on you use that for literally like
probably three months but again it's not
like a step I always do it's just a
little extra something something that I
sometimes do and if you do not any good
eye creams I would like to stop trying
out and see if like anything can
dramatically change and change my
opinions on that so if you use an eye
cream let me know which one you use down
below I would really love to know
because I do want to try and like use
them all because I feel like my under
eyes could use it sometimes when feeling
a bit dry so yeah let me know that a lot
so now I'm going to go on to spot
treatments and I do have two products
for this I'm gonna go onto one that I
used to use a lot and I've actually run
out so this is the tea tree and witch
hazel cream so this is basically
antiseptic cream and it's really really
soothing on your face you may see
a little doll you put it on and then you
would like like how touch this spot
because to me if I really put this on
here and yeah I feel like got like tiny
spin that could like squeeze out
whatever you do need to get a new one of
these this is from tanki I can't really
pronounce that but yeah you can use this
also on cut grazes stings minor burns
and for nappy rash apparently so yeah
it's basically an antiseptic cream and
obviously as I was saying for spots of
caused by bacteria so anything that is
antiseptic is going to work so yeah
that's something I used to use a lot and
it did really help in my spot I didn't
say a dramatic change or they I mean I
have used the whole tube so I must have
liked it but yeah just wanting to touch
on that but the main thing that I do use
is this Newton's lab tase on skincare
spot zapping gel so this is effectively
to target like a specific area so this
is basically gonna prevent any like more
blemishes so I'll always put it in like
my acne prone areas and then it's also
gonna like get rid of them as well and
cleanse them and and really like calm
them down like not make them as red and
fled so again I've been using this on
this big spot here and on my chin just
I've seen calm down the spots that
haven't already again this is like my I
might be joking this girl's so fast
it's literally like my fifth tube or
something but again it's literally like
three pounds again I get mine from
savers but I'm sure you can get unlike
as done everything like that I'm sure as
Doug does do this line of mutant slab
like the tea tree thing and just
something I did we just want to touch on
because this really helps main is one of
my ride-or-die products and everything
you get new one become brand out and
it's making me pie I will say it that
the tea-tray gel it is really strong and
you can't feel a burnin it's not
comfortable and anything that I use that
sale is burned it's not uncomfortable
you can just feel it doing something you
know but I do use this is the only
product that I do actually use my
fingers as well as my moisturizer but
anything that I do use my fingers so
I'll just rub it in with my fingers I
think I'm gonna start using a cotton bud
just to actually prevent any dirt
because that would be better so yeah I'm
gonna stop using my fingers and start
using a cotton bud so what I'll do for
my spot is it really dries it out calms
it down reduces the redness and yeah
overall just helps get rid of it quicker
so it's not that harsh but it is hotter
than some products and yeah I've just
said that my break or break out if I
I'm gonna use this the goal we're a lot
quicker than when I don't use it and
another thing that I'll sometimes use as
well and I mean this is like a rare
occasion like if I don't have this or
run out is I've just got the soda cran
again that's an antiseptic cream so it's
gonna work really well so just an
alternative if you want it like you
weren't going out the house today or we
like you want it to try something like
right yeah bright now I'm sure that a
lot of people will have soda crime in
their house so yeah okay so the very
last thing that I want to talk about is
face masks so the first to face max are
my ride-or-die ones that I'm actually
gonna just mention really quickly
because I'm sure I've mentioned these in
favorites quite a lot so they are the
L'Oreal pure clay masks my favorite ones
are the detox mask which is the grey
charcoal one and it is the blemish
blemish rescue mask which is the bright
blue one so firstly these masks last you
for so long then literally like seven
pounds so so affordable this one dries
down a lot more than this one this one
stay is kind of more like wet on your
skin but this one is so amazing for
exports it let you get rid of your spa
but this one kind of like it dries out
your spot more and like really sucks
dirt from your skin so they're really
really good to use together to treat
spots and just get really healthy clean
skin so this one is for detoxing and
clarifying that is the gray one and then
the blue one is to clear and unclog
again as I said it just clears a spot
and it really gets rid of it this one
does exactly what it says detoxifies
your face it gives you a brand new face
it is amazing so I've used this one for
literally like over a year now I'm still
on my first tub as well
honestly it lasts so long you don't need
much and this one I've only incorporated
into my skincare routine for about four
months but again it's so so good and
something I will repurchase and it's
still basically full after four months
which is insane so I'll apply these like
one of them so apply one bond weekend
and the other one the next week and
sometimes twice a week if I'm feeling a
bit lucky you know just wanted to touch
on them cause them absolute favorite
masks of all time so to apply their
master I always use just this point your
foundation brush from Real Techniques
just a really small brush so to be nice
to get like a round here again I never
put a face mask under my eyes it'll
really dry out your eyes and this area
is so so sensitive and
can damage it so I don't advise ever
ever ever taken a facemask under here
unless it is a sheet hydrating mask
which is meant to go there so yeah just
wanna let you guys know how i apply my
face mask I also use this on the other
mask that I'll be mentioning in a minute
so the next thing I want to go through
is sheet masks and I have three of my
favorite sheet masks yet I'm just gonna
go through them one by one these are
literally my top three fifth top three
favorite face masks I've ever tried
sorry face sheet masks one of the main
ones that I absolutely love is this
boots and these are the own brand boots
and I think these are literally like 1
or 2 pounds they are so so good so yeah
you only get one face mask in here you
will tend to find that in a lot of sheet
masks you do only get one sheet mask in
it so this one is that charcoal willow
and bark one and it's to cleanse and
purify so make sure your skin is
completely free of any makeup any proto
but this on and these feeling so good
and then the residue you just rub into
your face I wanted to mention that one
from boots is one of my favorite ones
and another one that I absolutely love
is these ones these ones are literally a
pound $1.99 in some places but are
normally go to like Asda and then only a
pound you can also get these from like
save as I know that Superdrug do them
and boots like just any place like that
really so this is the seventh heaven
green tape peel-off mask and Mason for
spots it's got green tape and it
cleanses your skin and really pulls out
the dirt from your paws so it is
cleansing your pores at the same time
and yeah I found that even though it is
only like a pound it works amazing and
one of my favorite masks and then again
peeling it off is so fun and but my
favorite sheet mask of all time I'll
always love sheet masks for hydrate and
I never use a face mask so anything else
apart from is apart from if it is that
tea tree peel-off mask so this is the
moisture bomb one from Garnier and I
absolutely love this one I also love the
one that comes in the pink packaging as
well so basically this is just a
hydrator one but it also has green tea
extract in it and an acid and hydrating
glycerin so this is normal to
combination skin so again great if I do
get all the around my nose
I love to do a face mask and just please
try this so when you've used this I see
you'll cut off the top use it and then
just put it back in because you'll still
have so much product left in here then
the next time you go to use it that
product has been soaked up by the mask
that you've then put back in dry and
then you can you get to uses out with it
the second application isn't going to be
as good as the first one but it still
works
you know just like a little hack or a
little tip for anyone who wants to get
the most out of their sheet masks okay
so the last face mask that I want to
talk about is something that I've
literally incorporated into my skincare
routine
literally two weeks ago so I know it's
hard to say like you absolutely love a
product and it's the best thing ever
but this I'm sold it's unreal I have put
this on five times this week and I know
that's really bad but I'll be putting it
over my spot and my problem area and it
helps me so much let's read this spot
was literally this big two years ago and
I put this on twice and it's dried out
and took it down so so much so yeah sure
to show you what it is now so this is
the glam glow super mode clearing
treatment obviously you would have heard
everyone and their mom talk about this
honestly everyone raves about it again
this is not sponsored at all but I say
why people rave about this it's so damn
good you can feel it work and it does
sting and this is the harshest face mask
I have ever used but it's good and it
works and you can really really feel it
working and pulling everything out of
your skin it's amazing it's like 40
pound which is so like so like steep in
a price I know but it'll if you changes
your face like you just need to try this
again I do apply this with my Real
Techniques pointed foundation brush even
though you are peeing like 40 pounds of
this you do get 50 grams of product
which is so amazing and you do only need
the smallest bit and again you you don't
have to apply this to your full face
when I've been putting this on I only
put it like here here here and here
we're on to get breakout you don't have
to use all of your face you can just use
it for spot treatment only so that's
really good to know and it's really easy
to remove as well so yeah it's just
really really good and the smell is it's
kind of nice
okay so the very last thing on your
touch on is very basic but it is a
saline and let you have this tube for
like four years please don't judge me so
yeah it's just petroleum jelly and
that's what I use on my lips all the
time at minute I do have like a Primark
I actually have it over here and I do
have a Primark my perfect nude
nourishing lipgloss on at the minute
just in case you thought this is this no
it's not
so yeah just Vaseline I used to it
moisturize and keep me cracked lips in
place you know but let you IV use that
like forever and I will continue to ever
Vaseline is B M so yeah that is all the
products I have to mention and if you're
still watching this
well don't oh my god so I just want to
touch on the top three products that
like literally have changed my light yet
mum's my mum's gentle foaming cleanser
it's unreal it's to change my life and I
kind of wait to buy my own so this
cleanser the tea tree one that was on
you about absolutely amazing and
obviously this glam glow super mood is
so amazing so they are my absolute
ultimate top 3 which I will do like
every day and no matter what I always do
obviously besides from obviously using
this cleanse low what I'd like to take a
homemaker land Vaseline obviously it's
just obvious I'm gonna put them on every
day yeah they are my top hooks that I
literally could not live without I would
love you to let me know what you think
of my skincare routine down below if you
have any advice for me or anything I'm
doing wrong you know let me know and
also you have any questions just again
ask down below feel free to write
whatever you're on down below and I will
get back to every single one of you guys
also let me know your absolute top three
products three products I said this but
you couldn't see my fingers so yeah just
let me know your top free products what
you absolutely love and what you
couldn't live without and I would love
to try them out maybe so yeah let me
know but that is literally it for this
video thank you so much for watching
please subscribe if you're not already
and now it's being a long one but I
really want to go into detail and do
like a proper video of this I didn't
want to do it like off effort or
anything so I just really appreciated it
and I hope you've learned something and
I've helped in any shape way or form but
yeah that's it for me thanks so much for
watching and I see you in my next one
bye guys
you